You are the Pantheon.
In a good case.
Come here.
Nice to meet you.
So this is the oath behind your back.
You really are a pain.
Why did the second brother say that?
I'll give you a kitchen.
Remember you asked for reinforcements and nothing.
As a Summer Business Leader
If you are mistaken, you are a supporter of the Daxia economy.
How can you go to ten countries
But did you encounter such an abnormality?
Force you to get on your knees and spend all your family's money
But even if he does it indiscriminately
Can you see who stands up to happen to you?
Isn t there someone behind him who is quietly manipulating?
Do you mean dragon legend?
Without the will of the Dragon Master
He's extraordinary.
How dare I treat you, White Lotus Army?
Long time ha ha
It's a big Ha Long Department.
Ta Li No Language because of the great bullet general Lu new history
Later he was disabled like that.
The army wants death.
I must die.
But I'm not going to sit around waiting to die.
Long Department
You forced me to do that.
Don't blame me.
I'm not strict.
Pray with the Pantheon
The Grand Master's accomplice
Very well, there was Egret Yuan-kun involved.
National conspiracy building
Time is right in front of us.